Tie up is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to Tie Up and governs data collection and usage including Tie up mobile application and website. This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance in registration for new registering member's, and is otherwise effective on the date noted above for all Tie up members.\r\n\r\nThe privacy steps that we take to protect the members data so that all users accessing our mobile app or website feel comfortable while sharing their personal information with us along with get rewarded by accessing our attractive offers:\r\n\r\n1.Collection of Members Personal Information: Tie Up collects member's personal & non-personal information through our mobile app or website.\r\n\r\n \r\n2.Use and disclosure of Personal Information: We do not rent, share, trade or sell your personal information to anyone for promotional purposes without your express consent. When we do share data with our advertisers it is in aggregate form and is designed to ensure you are not identified personally. If you purchase a product or service from a third party or agree to co-register on a third party's website, any of which requires you to submit financial and/or personally identifiable information, you are also consenting to our delivery of this information to that party. The offer will notify you if any financial or personally identifiable information will be shared. Such third party will be authorized to use this information in keeping with our contractual relationship with them and in accordance with their own privacy policy and information practices. We do not control these third parties and you agree that Tie Talktime is not liable for their acts or any failure to act on their part.\r\n\r\nWe may, without your consent, access and disclose your personal information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you or your account in the following circumstances: as may be permitted or required by law, regulation, rule or court order; pursuant to requests from\r\n\r\n \r\ngovernmental, regulatory or administrative agencies or law enforcement authorities;or to prevent, investigate, identify persons or organizations potentially involved in, or take any action regarding suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Service, or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose your personal information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your personal information in any way relates to that threat.\r\n\r\n3.Refer-a-Friend: If you elect to use any of our referral services for informing friends about our site, you will be asked to provide your friends' names, mobile numbers and e-mail addresses. You may enter this information manually, or you can also choose to import your contacts from your mobile device, email address book or Facebook address book in which case you will be asked to provide us with your email address and password, which will be used solely for the purpose of importing your contacts within the referral service. We will then automatically send your friends a one-time text message, whatsapp message or e-mail, plus a reminder (both of which may include your name, mobile number and email address) inviting them to visit our site. We ask for this information for the sole purpose of sending these emails and tracking the success of our referral program.\r\n\r\n \r\n5.Changes to this Privacy Policy: We may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any material changes in the way we use your personally identifiable   information collected thru Tie up mobile app or at the site (www.tieup.com) we will notify you by email or through mobile app notifications and at the top of this Privacy Policy web page. For questions and concerns about the information collected or used at this site, please contact admin@mazeintech.com.\r\n\r\nWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.\r\n\r\nIf you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us through Contact Us sections provided on Tie Talktime mobile app or mail us at admin@mazeintech.com\r\n\r\n\r\n \r\n6. Tie up does not collect any personally identifiable information or audio/video / image/contact files from your mobile device. For any questions or clarifications please reach out to: admin@mazeintech.com\r\n\r\nIf you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.",
